Given the information reviewed to date, which unfortunately is "scant," yet coupled with my direct observations or assessments of this injured worker, it is reasonable to draw the conclusion that the nature of his employment with Alton Management Corporation caused and contributed to the specific injury as known, as well as caused and contributed to the injuries to his neck, upper back, shoulders, gluteal area, and supporting tissues, as well as both wrists, forearms, and elbows. This includes the components of the lower back, the latter of which is unknown, as apparently no imaging has been undertaken to elucidate any pathologies accountable for the chronicity of low back pain (LBP).

**APPORTIONMENT**

I have taken ample time to study SB-899 and the case law of Escobedo v. Marshalls and CNA Insurance Company (GRO 029816 and GRO 029817) on the issue of apportionment. The following excerpt is taken from Escobedo v. Marshalls: "Apportionment of permanent disability caused by other factors both before and subsequent to the initial injury, including prior industrial injuries, may include not only disability that could have been apportioned prior to SB-899, but it also may include disability that formally could not have been apportioned (e.g., pathology, asymptomatic prior conditions, and retroactive prophylactic restrictions), provided there is substantial medical evidence that caused it."

All the opinions I offer in this section, as well as all opinions offered herein, are based on the stated medical history, my face-to-face encounter and examination of Mr. Grande, yet absent the medical record file. These opinions are my own and are predicated on reasonable medical probability, as I have previously stated. I have attempted, throughout this report, to clearly provide my reasoning behind my opinions and not merely my conclusions. For instance, I did not speculate or guess when forming these opinions. This approach allows me to comply with the mandates set forth in E. L. Yeaget Construction v. WCAB (Gatten).

Strictly speaking, addressing apportionment is inappropriate currently, as the specific injury of February 9, 2021, has not yet been fully evaluated and thus remains underdiagnosed and therefore undertreated. All further comments regarding apportionment will be deferred until such time as I have been privy to review all the medical records and Mr. Grande has completed all reasonable and necessary diagnostic assessments and potential treatments. It is foreseeable that the records yet to be reviewed may identify pre-existing pathologies that would warrant consideration of apportionment. I will not speculate or guess when forming these opinions.

Applying the WCAB's en banc decision in Vigil v. County of Kern will be addressed once Mr. Grande is not working. He claims that his physical limitations prevent him from returning to the laborious setting.